# GITCOIN MINI CLR AUCTION

The Mini CLR Distribution and tips have been an authentic revolution in the TownSquare not only as a mean of appreciation to other community members but as data as labour.

It is clear how to earn in each round with suggested donation for actions such as referring a friend to Gitcoin, share an insight, participate in a hackathon and much more. 
But with the scope and scale of Gitcoin with more newcomers, we have to avoid what some economists and sociologists call a "moral economy": we need to avoid that those old community members are just tipped by the appreciation of other old members, who will reciprocate in some way. If more newcomers hit the Mini CLR distribution charts we will generate more engagement and we will avoid tipping behaviours as an only sense of mutual support between tippers, as moral impulses and empathy.

A proposed solution is an auction where MINI CLR is held in common and right to rent and use it is weekly auctioned.

The organization which offers the highest bid (in the form of a weekly rental payment) possesses the Mini CLR until another organization beats it. Something similar to advertising slots which are reallocated in the web. 
This organization while possesses the Mini CLR can suggest new actions to be rewarded and tip for it: share their contents on Twitter, product sign-ups, etc...

I suggest an English auction, one week before the current Mini CLR distribution ends. 
In an English auction new bids increase the price until no new bid has been posted for a fixed number of time. The auctioneer starts with an initial offering price (the reserve price) and asks for an opening bid with a minimum bid increment. 
A minimum bid increment is necessary if not the auction might last forever with one wei increments.
The Mini CLR distribution auction self-assessed price would be the one matched at the time of the highest bid. 

If there is no company bidding for it, Gitcoin will possess the asset until beaten again for another organization.

The funds generated by this Radical Market could be used to fund the suggested actions on the Mini CLR and increase the Mini CLR distribution with greater dividends for a wide range of Gitcoin members.
